c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Procedural_Story.exe
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Procedural_Story.pdb
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\obj\x86\Debug\Procedural_Story.exe
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\obj\x86\Debug\Procedural_Story.pdb
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\font\Avenir36.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\model\Tree_01.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\model\Tree_02.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\model\Grass_01.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\model\player.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\model\Box.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fx\world.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\audio\ui\button.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\obj\x86\Debug\Procedural_Story.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Jitter.dll
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Jitter.xml
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\font\Avenir16.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sprite\icon\cursor.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sprite\icon\hud.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sprite\icon\items\potions.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sprite\icon\items\crops.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\font\Consolas14.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procedural Story\Procedural Story\Procedural_Story\bin\x86\Debug\Content\font\Consolas9.xnb
